OK so since we don't expect for the user to be changing the L manually We need to set some links.
We were just right before this.
We were doing force flash and changing the Eurail manually right here but the user of course is not
going to do this.
We need to use links for this.
OK.
You should be thinking well we should use an ATAC For example if we have a header right here.
Header an inside the header we can have an A within a ref and something else and then just the name
of the route.
Well no this is not going to work at all.
Whenever we use the ATAC in the real world and the non single page app world we are telling the window
that it should be reloading the page and fetch whatever we have right here.
Well this is a single page app and there is no reloading at all.
So the good old ATAC it's no more.
We need to do something else.
So just like me just does just like the browser or the router and the roud we need to import something
else to use links and it's going to be coma and then link to simple site like.
Right.
So to set up a link it's really really simple I'm going to add a link for all the routes we have right
now.
So we just start as a regular task and we say link and then just open and close the link with an ATAC
we can have an H ref for example with a link.
We need to have a two and then equals and then the route which is used to.
That's that's simple says we want to go home for example.
We're going to do a slash.
And I'm just going to set up the link for home.
OK.
So if you want to a link for the posts same idea posts and then posts right.
If you want profile again I'm going to say just profile and then profile I'm going to add a break right
here so they can be in a different line to something simple and do the same thing right here whatever.
And right here at the bottom we're going to have a ruler.
OK.
Something really simple.
There's no need to do something fancy right now.
So if I click home is going to take us home if I go to posts is going to change the L reload the Browse
is going to be always listening it's going to search for the route and show posts posts and the same
idea with profile.
So this is kind of a really straightforward and you're going to be using link a lot in your in your
applications if you're using routes.
OK.
So let's go oh I will tell you something else if I just inspect the page.
Let me just make this bigger just a little bit
go.
OK.
So if I inspect this it's going to be in a simulation.
If I go to home it's just a regular h tag.
So what is happening is that they react and router.
It's converting everything behind the scenes to regular ATAC.
This is of course it's the ATAC whenever we click and react.
It's blocking the default behavior of the ATAC and it's just using react to render what we want to render
of course.
OK that's fine.
So let's go to the next section and talk about perhaps.